Well, good evening. We're excited to be here. Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We're going to go over some things and just pray with y'all and see where the Holy Spirit takes us. I'm excited. I feel some things in my spirit stirring.
You know, as I was doing leaves again—all I'm so thankful the leaves are almost done—and I told D, I said, 'Well, maybe this will be the last time we have to rake all this and clean this up out of the flower beds and do all this.
This is a lot of work.'But all glory to Jesus that we have it to do.
You know, you don't want to complain; you're just thankful.
But we have a lot to go over tonight and we'll see. Like I said, we'll go tubing.
Who wants to go tubing? Who's excited to go tubing? See what the Lord does here.
I believe there's some things that he wants to show us prophetically of that which is to come as watchmen on the wall.
Let's go over—I know this might be a little extended, but it's Friday night and there's a lot of others on here that were out clubbing at this time and they're out partying and drinking and having a crazy time with the devil.
And so now you can be up with us and be at the late-night praying and seeking the Holy Ghost here and see what the Lord has to say.
I'm not in a hurry. So if you have somewhere to be, you can click out and go on and maybe watch later.
But I have some things that are on my heart and very strong words to give for what the Lord has been saying to me.
So just buckle up. Okay, here we go. The title of this video is about the two-state solution.
What will happen to America if we split Jerusalem? If we go with this plan from the Prince of Saudi Arabia.
Now, I want you to play this clip right here of what is being said in the Oval Office by who I believe is the Antichrist.
Now, I'm as bold as a lion about this. Now, a lot of you, I know that you have your opinions, but I have mine and I'm entitled to it.
And I want you to play this clip right here of what this man is saying in the Oval Office about a two-state solution.
'You have it. Have you reached an agreement on a US-Saudi defense treaty today?
And are you going to bring up the Abraham Accords in your discussion?''I already brought them up.''What did you say?''I think I got a positive response.''Would you like to respond?''Yeah.
So, definitely we believe having a good relation with all the Eastern countries is a good thing and we want to be part of the Abraham Accords, but we want also to be sure that we secure a clear path of a two-state solution; and today we have a healthy discussion with Mr.
President that we're going to work on that to be sure that we can prepare the right situation as soon as possible to have that.''I think we're, you know, I don't want to use the word commitment, but we've had a very good talk on the Abraham Accords.
We talked about one state, two states, you know, we talked about a lot of things in a short period of time.
We'll be discussing it further, too. But I think you have a very good feeling toward the Abraham Accords.''Yes, definitely, Mr.
President. We want peace for the Israelis. We want peace for the Palestinians.
We want them to coexist peacefully in the region, and we will do our best to reach that day.''And the defense agreement, have we reached agreement on that?''We pretty much have.''For his royal highness, I'd like to...'So, this is what the Lord showed me about this.
This was back quite a while ago, back in 2023. And the Lord showed me that if we went and had a two-state solution, we had three days.
Three days after they signed a two-state solution, the Lord said he gave us a three-day warning of what would happen next.
And what happened next was I saw the New Madrid fault line, with the largest earthquake in history hitting that fault line.
And it was so large that all of the Mississippi Valley, all of the Mississippi River, all the bridges were completely destroyed.
And there were no semi-trucks able to go from east to west because of trying to take goods. And I saw that it would shake even the Liberty Bell.
And I believe this is metaphor—I don't know if the Liberty Bell could even ring—but I saw it would shake even the Liberty Bell.
And as this was a major shake—I'm talking a 10.0, a massive earthquake—it set off fault lines in Texarkana clear up through Tulsa and it was—the further it went out—a 6.0, it was large.
And I saw the big tall buildings, the doctors'building, the hospital there; I saw it split off and it was on fire from the rubble and all the damage that this major earthquake took that happened.
And the military came in and put makeshift bridges with pontoon boats across the Mississippi River in the more shallow areas and where it's not as wide because some of the Mississippi River is really wide.
It's—I don't know if it's like a mile or so across, I don't remember—it's that or more. It's a massive river.
But where it was not as wide, they put a pontoon boat makeshift bridge and they made it where the semis could cross in those areas.
But because of the destruction, I saw Chinook helicopters coming from the west flying over Oklahoma and it was so loud it was deafening as they were all flying.
It was early in the morning and I could hear the sound of the Chinook helicopters coming in and they were all going toward the east, toward the Mississippi, because they couldn't come in to bring in supplies.
They were flying them in by Chinook helicopters. And I saw that happening and the Lord showed me fire in the air.
I could smell fire. I could smell oil from the damage from this major event that took place.
And there was a major—of course there was—I saw a lion face on the side of a building in New York, not knowing it was the New York Stock Exchange because the Lord said, 'Pay attention to this lion.'But it was on the New York Stock Exchange.
There was a building up there and I could see tumbleweeds rolling down the main street.
And I know that this stuff is symbolic, some of the things the Lord showed me, but this earthquake was devastation beyond anybody's comfort.
They had to bring in supplies and fly them by big cargo planes.
Major military cargo planes were flying in the supplies from east to west to deliver it to the people.
And the Lord said if they split the land, America will be divided.
It was catastrophic, so much so that the Mississippi River was flowing different.
It went out a different way. It didn't go out where it goes; it created a new path.
People said, 'Well, how is that possible?'I don't know. I'm just telling you what I saw.
But I saw 1,800 people just from Texarkana to the Tulsa area up by Miami, Oklahoma, pass away because houses on cinder blocks—if you did not have a house built on a slab and your house was on a cinder block, it caused great devastation to those homes.
It shook them. They were gone. And all the major houses on the New Madrid were completely destroyed.
There were literally tens of thousands of people that perished during this event.
And so I heard him talking about this. So I'm begging you, Mr.
President, if you're listening to this video, do not split Jerusalem.
Do not go alongside a two-state solution to divide the land of Israel.
You will make the greatest mistake of your presidency ever. I'm telling you, you'll be known for this. Do not do this.
I beg you to really reconsider any kind of negotiations for a two-state solution. Do not divide the land of Israel.
For those that bless Israel, the Lord said he would bless, and those that curse Israel, the Lord said he would curse.
I want to be on the side of blessing. As for me and my house, we pray for you.
We pray for this nation. We pray for the peace of Jerusalem. We pray for the peace of the people.
I'm telling you, it is not for us to ever divide the land of Israel or have a two-state solution.
We cannot go alongside this. There is no peace accord to divide the land; we cannot do this.
I saw what happens, and it is catastrophic for America. This is a warning, and it will happen three days after you do this.
If any president signs an agreement to do this, the Lord said, 'I will divide the land.'You say, 'Well, Brandon, that's a very strong word.'That's how strong it was.
It will completely wreck our economy; it will wreck everything. It will be literal hell on earth in America.
I don't know how long it will take to fix everything, but I saw it was catastrophic.
It takes a long time to build a bridge that big, and for us to build a brand-new bridge and all the infrastructure to fix all this mess will be something of biblical proportions.
That was the first part of the word that I had to give. This alarmed me, and he said this alongside who I believe is the prince who will soon be the king of Saudi Arabia.
Now, people say, 'Brandon, I don't believe you're right.'Well, stick around and watch.
If you don't believe it, fine; put it on a shelf. But I'm telling you, this man will come out even greater in the days ahead.
He came out as a man of peace. 'Oh, we want peace. Let's make a business deal.'Trump is all about business.
He has support from somebody and he's getting hate from everybody, so it's nice to have somebody in your corner and give you a trillion-dollar deal.
It kind of keeps the sugar; it helps the medicine go down. This is a trap.
You're buddying up with somebody who is being groomed by the devil.
I'm telling you, he's like, 'Well, we don't want mosques built.
We want all this stuff.'I told you he was going to come out as a lamb.
Everybody's going to love him. He'll have a solution for everyone's problem. They will surrender their kingdoms to him within one hour.
They'll all go to Berlin, and all of the world leaders will be around a table giving their kingdoms over to the Antichrist.
Watch what happens within one hour because he has the solution to the problems of the world.
As we see somebody, they say, 'Well, he hasn't been filmed. He hasn't been photographed.'How do you know that?
That's how close we are to the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Many of you think we have a long time. One lady said we have over a hundred years. You're wrong. You're flat wrong. You're a false prophet.
I want to tell you, Jesus Christ is coming, and He's coming sooner than you believe.
It's time for the church to wake up. It's time to preach the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ with boldness. The Lord was so strong today.
I was out doing what I needed to do, and He said, 'Brandon, when did I ever tell you that it would be easy?'Because I said, 'Lord, this has been hard this last couple of weeks.'He said, 'When did I ever tell you it would be easy saying the things that I've told you to say?
Never one time have I ever told you that it would be easy, but I said I would never leave you and I would never forsake you.'It's not always going to be easy to say the hard things, but I want you to be like a warrior that doesn't move.
You either stand like a backbone with a crowbar or you don't.
He said, 'Many leaders and men in my church have been spiritually castrated by the world.
You don't go with the popular opinion. These are prophetic words. The watchman is never going to go with the popular opinion.
If you're given a popular opinion word, it's not of Me.'He said, 'I told you they would hate you.
Correction stings.'And He said, 'Many of the people behind the pulpit are still on their mother's milk after how many years?
It's dried powdered breast milk coming out of them, and they've been spiritually castrated by either their mother or their wife.
But you better either stand up and have a backbone like a crowbar and grow some, you know what, or you're not going to make it with what I've called you to do.
You better get some testosterone up in here and stand for what I've told you to stand for.'It's not going to be easy to stand there.
Whenever He told me, He said, 'Son, you either grow a pair or you don't.'And that may be a little crude for some women, but that's just the way He talks to me as a man.
Stand up and be a man. Stop being a little wimpish preacher. You're not going to be a person that's going to please everybody.
You stand there and say... He said, 'I've not even hardly given you the hard things to say, Brandon.
The reason why you weren't even going to deliver the word about Trump's ear is because you were scared about it.
You had to go on another man's channel and say it.'I've had other people say, 'Hey, you're going to come over here and say certain things on my platform,'like a prophetic conference, which I never knew anything about.
This other pastor presented it to me, but I've never agreed to it yet.
I said I'd pray about it, but it looks like he's really pushing for me to be there. The Lord said, 'You stand and say the hard things, Brandon.
No guts, no glory, no newsletter story, son.'He said, 'You're going to have to have guts and say the things that are hard because you have to separate yourself from the pack.
You won't be able to go to the next level being back in the pack.
Most people, if they're comfortable doing status quo religion, think, "Oh well, this is seeker-friendly; we want the big crowd."He said, 'Jeremiah didn't stand there.
No guts, no glory, no newsletter story. Say it with boldness and clarity.'He said, 'That's what separates you from the sheep.
If you want to be a true leader, you don't worry about what everybody else thinks.
Fear Me, not man.'And as He was so stern with me today, He said, 'I never told you you would be blending in with the people, son.
I called you to stand separate. Don't worry about what you said about Candace or the things to come.
Stand and say what I told you to say, even if it doesn't seem popular.'I told you they would hate you.
I said, 'Yeah, you did.'He said, 'They can't stand you in the days ahead, son.
They're going to hate you.'I said, 'Yep.'He said, 'If they like you and you're giving them sugary words, you're not doing it for Me.'If a prophetic person is popular with the people, there's a 99% chance the Lord said, 'They ain't speaking what I'm telling them to say.'He said, 'I'm going to give you words in the days ahead that will cause them to despise you.'I said, 'Wow, I'm excited about that.
I can't wait to give those.'It's like sitting down in front of somebody you love and telling them the storm's coming.
I have to do that a lot, and it's not easy to stand in that place.
And he says, 'Brandon, I want you to deliver this word to somebody that you really care about.'I said, 'They're not going to like that.'He said, 'Will you fear me, not them, even if they're in your circle of friends or whatever?'A warhorse is in shape.
A warhorse isn't a coward. You're not a coward. You're a warhorse.
You either stand there and take it while bullets are flying around you, or you don't.
And those were the things he talked to me about lately. He said, 'If you're not broken like a warhorse, you'll not go to the next level.
If you're not broken like a warhorse, you'll not make it to the next level.'It's a lonely place, and not many people will ever walk there.
They're too worried about image. He said, 'If you're stuck on image, you're not in me.'Don't be stuck on image.
Don't be worried about your image. Lose yourself. A warhorse isn't worried about image.
A closer, a true closer, somebody who walks in the prophetic isn't worried about that.
He said, 'Die to it. You will stand alone.'And I've already told you that Jeremiah stood alone.
Ezekiel stood alone. All of them stood alone, and people wanted to kill them.
He said, 'Brandon, they aren't throwing stones at you yet. Maybe word stones.
Maybe they abandon you. Friends abandon me all the time. They say, "Well, we're for you, Brandon.
We love you,"and then they're running from you as they go.'And you go, 'Well, what did I say?'Oh, yeah, I forgot.
You're a coward. You don't want to say the hard things. You're a fair-weather friend, and I have a lot of those.
For true words that come from my heart will challenge your flesh.
That's what he said. It will not be popular. It will not be something that everybody wants to be a part of.
My heart is for change, and it causes you to change and repent. But words that go with the crowd are not me.
He said, 'Words that are of me are the words that challenge you to grow.'My words never go with a crowd.
My true prophetic words do not go with a crowd. He said, 'Brandon, get ready.
2026 will be the year of 1 Corinthians 5:5. For many of my ministers have lost their way.
They don't have a backbone; they're not preaching the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. They're not standing and doing what I've told them to do.
They have a seeker-friendly message, and they're feeding powdered milk to their congregation.
They have a withered old breast, and they're feeding their babies powdered milk because it's so dry and outdated.
It's not even fresh milk; it's powdered milk. Your breasts are hard and they're full of powdered milk. And the Lord warned me of this.
And 1 Corinthians 5:5 is coming full force for a lot of you because you've not listened and warned his bride, warned his church what's coming.
And Jesus Christ is coming. And you're accountable, church.
You're an accountable minister. You're accountable to the Lord.
For much is given, much is required.'He said, 'Much is given, much is required.
And many of you are cowards.'And you can get mad at me all you want to. I don't care. Bye, Felicia. That's what I have to say to you.
After the stern warning I got today, I refuse to be like you, coward.
You either tell the people Jesus Christ is coming or you're going to be sitting on the bench soon.
And God will raise up a new David with a slingshot and his stones to take the head of the Philistine.
And I'm telling you, he's going to bring forth people that have a backbone like a crowbar in these last days that will not shrink back to public opinion and will stand strong in the face of adversity and the storm, saying, "Jesus loves you, but Jesus tells you you need to repent or you're going to hell."He's coming, church.
He's coming. And most of the church is asleep. They're limp-wristed and they are weak.
And the Lord said, "I'm done with this."And those are the words he gives me in my private prayer time, and I get chewed out.
He said, "You either grow up and you become my warhorse son, or you're not.
I'll bypass you and use somebody else."But being worried about what so-and-so thinks of you and the email that you got?
Who cares? I'm not using them anyway. They don't have a fresh word.
They're still preaching old manna. And I give new words with new fresh rhema from my word all the time.
They haven't had a fresh word in 40 years. They haven't had a fresh touch from you.
They're still living off of 40-year rhema. But he says, "You go from glory to glory to glory."So that's what I had to say.
And I had to say it with boldness because I was corrected very hard.
And I'm going to tell you, I repent before my Father. And if I stand alone, I'll say it all by myself.
Even if 5,400 of you don't show up, I'm still going to make these videos.
And I'm going to stand in the place that he's told me to stand and tell anybody who wants to listen that Jesus Christ is coming.
And you need to repent and turn from your wicked ways. For the boat is closing.
For as in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
And you're seeing it all around you right now. Men will have itching ears, and I refuse to itch your ears.
I'm going to give you the vinegar. And I'm going to tell you, it's time to come to the Lord Jesus Christ.
You're running out of time. There's such a great harvest in the youth.
Satan has tried so hard to come after the youth, but I'm coming after them harder.
And there will be a great harvest in the youth with signs and wonders for a fresh fire, a fresh touch.
It will be birthed out of prayer. They're looking for authentic, and they're not looking for religion.
This fake stuff that you go to—you go to church and you don't get something good—you're listening to some watered-down message, and people are wanting a true move, an authentic move of God in these last days.
I see this, like what I said to you all yesterday, a revival breaking out in the Catholic Church.
And it will come through the young people. I see the glory of the Lord coming up in the Catholic Church.
I see a fresh fire and the youth breaking away from old traditions, bringing in new things.
This is like a well that is all stopped up—a well that I would say never had water.
But the Lord's going to bring water in the cistern. The youth are going to drink from this.
You're going to see this in the days ahead. And a new generation, a new way of thinking, not liberal.
The hearts of the youth are crying out for a river, for the manifestations of the glory, for they don't even know what they're crying out for.
They're just crying and searching. Oh, but he's cleaning out the stone, cleaning out the debris out of the well.
There's a great well. I see a well. And in this well, it's been sealing it off and no one's getting out of that well.
But the Lord said, "I'm going to break that well open,"and there's going to be a mighty rushing water come up out of that well.
You're going to see it. And it will come to pass at last. And the great mighty move of my presence is coming and a mighty rushing wind in the Catholic Church.
And this is not just about America. There'll be a revival in the youth all throughout Europe.
It will start—I see a revival in the youth and the Catholic Church, and this will spread like wildfire.
Now I want you to hear what happened today. You got there today.
I think it's important to repeat that young people are part of the church's present and also the hope for the future of the church.
We look to you to help shape the church in the years ahead. And that is something to be excited about.
Maybe you should all give yourselves a round of applause because I want to say thanks to all of you.
Now is the time to dream big, to be open to what God can do through your lives.
Being young often comes with the desire to do something meaningful, something that makes a real difference.
Many of you are ready to be generous, to help those you love, to work for something greater than yourselves.
That is why it is not true that life is only about doing what feels good to yourself, that makes you feel comfortable as some people claim.
Sure, comfort can be nice, but as Pope Benedict XVI reminded us, we weren't made for comfort.
We were made for greatness. We were made for God himself. Deep down, we long for truth, beauty, and goodness because we were created for them.
And this treasure we seek has a name: Jesus, who wants to be found by you, wants to be known by you.
One of my own personal heroes, one of my favorite saints is St. Augustine of Hippo. He learned this as a young man.
He searched everywhere for happiness, but nothing satisfied him until he opened his heart to God.
That is why he wrote, "You have made us for yourself, O Lord, and our heart is restless until it rests in you."Augustine discovered that his desire for greatness was really a desire for a relationship with Jesus Christ.
This friendship with Jesus... they're having a huge youth conference for three days in Indianapolis for the Catholic youth.
It's the first time the Pope's ever done anything here and he did a live telecast; they filled the stadium.
And so what I'm trying to tell you all is first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation. We're seeing that word.
What the Lord said: "I'm going to stir up in the Catholic Church what I'm about to do in the youth,"and he's commissioning the youth. We need you.
And every single word that I've given—Braden couldn't put them all in that clip—of the Lord showing me a major revival starting with the youth in the Catholic Church.
This is it. I believe we're seeing the firstfruits of this. Did the pictures I sent you?
You can show those. They're filling auditoriums. I bet there were 70,000 youth in there. I don't know, it was a lot.
And I know what the Lord is showing me about the youth of this generation—that the devil came at them hard, but he's going to come at them harder.
And there'll be... I saw the white t-shirts and all the kids worshiping with Kari Jobe and all the things in the days ahead.
I saw a major move of God with the youth and revival with the youth of America and around the world. A major move of God.
And I believe even today what he said and the thing the Pope said today, "It's just the beginning, folks."We will have the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
I truly believe it and we're on the cusp of this. We're right there.
But it's going to take a cleansing of the house. Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
And we're seeing a lot of the old wine—the old wine skins are going to be either the new oil on those old wine skins or they're going to be busted.
It's time for the church to be the church and be what God's called us to be and be bold about it, telling the people that Jesus loves them and being radical in these days ahead.
I talked about he talked about being authentic. He even talked about being authentic.
He said that the youth are looking for authenticity. And it's in that clip.
The kids are looking for something that's real, not your grandma's religion, something for today.
And that's exactly what he said in his message, encouraging them to go to Jesus, to develop a personal relationship with Jesus.
You need a personal relationship with Jesus. And it was really actually a good talk that he did.
I loved it. And I was there going, "Yeah, that's right. We need Jesus.
He is the only way to the Father through him."By letting God change you, part of being Jesus'disciples is being authentic.
Young people have a strong sense of authenticity. You can tell when someone is genuine or fake.
Do not settle for a shallow version of faith. Seek the real friendship that Jesus offers you.
Listen to him in prayer and let him shape your life. When you do this, you carry his presence into the world with joy, hope, and creativity.
Authentic witnesses of the gospel can help heal and unite humanity.
Jesus also calls his disciples to be peacemakers—people who build bridges instead of walls, people who value dialogue and unity instead of division.
Please be careful not to use political categories to speak about faith, to speak about the church.
The church doesn't belong to any political party; rather she helps form your conscience.
I just thought it was interesting because the Lord keeps talking about the Catholic Church and the youth and he said, "I'm going to bring a great revival,"and I thought this is about youth right here.
Do you see that? It's the firstfruits of it. I really truly believe for him to speak to America.
Even in the word the Lord said it will start in America but will spread throughout Europe.
So I was like, "Wow, okay, what is this? Is this the firstfruits of it?"We'll watch and see.
But I just wanted to encourage you all today that we must stand out from the crowd.
We must not be what is politically acceptable or just fade into the crowd.
We want to be with what's comfortable. We're not saying we stand with everything he stands with.
We're just saying that's amazing. I'm non-denominational, but this is what the Lord has been saying.
It's amazing. I'm just trying to say it's reaching the youth.
It's reaching what God's saying: he's starting to turn. There's a fire starting to turn.
What God is saying is coming to pass. It's going to come to pass at last, and a major move of his presence is coming on the youth. But he's the leader of the Catholic Church; he's the head.
It's interesting what the Lord is saying because I'm telling you, we're on the verge of a major move of God throughout every denomination.
And he said to me, 'Brandon, what's about to happen is going to cross all denominational barriers. It's not just about the charismatic.
It's not just about the non-denominational.'But he said, 'Brandon, I'm going to pour my spirit upon all flesh.'A lot of times I believe the charismatics have thought, 'Well, it's about the Word of Faith movement.'It's like the Hagin crowd like us.
We love Brother Hagin and all that, but I don't claim to be just a part of one group.
He's breaking down the walls. And if you just have a 'me four and no more'mentality, you're missing it.
And that's what the Lord said: 'I'm going to break down the walls of religion.
I'm going to break down the walls of tradition. It's going to be different than you've ever seen before, Brandon.
I'm done with segregation. Who cares if you're black, white, Mexican, Spanish, or Asian?'The Lord said, 'I'm bringing us back.
I'm bringing back a glorious church.'A glorious church. He didn't say a glorious charismatic church.
Whether you speak in tongues and I don't, or you do this and I don't, he said, 'I'm bringing down the walls of tradition.
I'm bringing down the walls of religion and I'm coming back for a church that is without spot or wrinkle, a church that's on fire.'And I told you, it will be unified and you will see it's all hands on deck.
That's what he said to me: 'Brandon, watch what I do in the Catholic Church. Watch what I do in the Baptist church.
Watch what I do in the Church of Christ.'And he said, 'I'm going to make some wrongs right in the Mormon church and in the Jehovah's Witnesses.
I'm going to show up and I'm going to correct some false doctrine.'He said, 'Brandon, there's a lot of good people that have just been taught wrong, and I'm going to break down the walls of bad teaching, and I'm going to visit, and I'm going to invade, and there will be a splitting of the Mormon faith and a splitting of this, and you're going to see it because I'm going to appear and I'm going to make myself real even within the false doctrine.'I'm telling you, I step on people's toes by saying this, but I tell you what the Spirit of God said and people say, 'Well, are you saying my doctrine's wrong?'Yes, there's false doctrine in the Mormon church.
And the Lord said, 'Brandon, I'm going to set some things straight and there's going to be a major move of God in the Mormon church.'People get mad, but I've got to tell you the truth.
This is what he said. And it's going to be that way with some doctrinal issues even in the Catholic Church.
He said, 'Brandon, I'm going to visit the Catholic Church. There's going to be a major move of God in the Catholic Church.
I don't want anybody to go to hell. Brandon, do you understand?
I want all to come to repentance in the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ.'It's going to be a major move of God.
There'll be a shaking in the charismatics. But he said he's bringing the walls down, folks, bringing those barriers down.
And we'll move as a body, and it's all hands on deck. Stop putting walls up against each other but pray for each other and we're going to see it.
I'm telling you, and this is the firstfruits of the youth. It's the beginning.
So that's what I had to say about all that stuff, and that's what the Holy Ghost has told me.
You're going to see a lot of these new Davids—not 'hopefully,'Brandon, you will see new Davids. We will see new Esthers.
We will see these people that will stand, and that's why the Lord even, like I said, going back to what he said, the kings would be so angry at the prophetic voices.
They would chase them around and they'd have to hide. After you give a word like that, they'd want to kill them, stone them to death, or throw them in the lions'den or the fiery furnace.
Jeremiah and Ezekiel are who he talked about, too. They were ready to kill them.
And that's why I thought, to stand with greatness, you've got to act like the greats and train like the greats.
If you want to be a champion, you cannot act afraid. And that's what he said.
There's so many people that are on their old mother's milk, but that breast is dried up like powdered milk, and the men of the church have been castrated.
And he called it 'milk prophecy.'You're on an old dried milk word.
It's stagnant and like mother's milk that the breast is dried up and withered and like old dust. It shook me when he said stuff like that.
He said, 'You'll see the true prophetic in the days ahead, between the true prophetic words and the ones that were the prophets of Jeremiah's time that were telling everybody everything is okay.'And he said there's a lot of false prophets.
He said, 'I told you in the last days there'll be many false prophets.'He said it in the Word and he said you will see the true when the people walk in the anointing and the glory.
There'll be a presence and there'll be heaviness, for I will overshadow them when they speak and the words will come across you.
You think, 'Well, you said a lot of words and nothing comes.'Thank God you're not in Daniel's time. You'd want to throw eggs.
Some of his words haven't come to pass after 2,000 years plus, and you're still—well, my goodness, after the first hundred years when he's dead and gone, people would say, 'Well, he was a false prophet.'Daniel was a false prophet.
And some of his words haven't come to pass. The things the Lord has told me have been for intercessory prayer.
I don't see myself as a prophetic voice, but the more I study, the more I realize I stand in the office of a prophetic voice because of what he told me to decree and declare.
Just because I don't want to be self-appointed and say I'm prophetic—I'm a watchman.
But then I found watchmen are prophetic. So, I stand and I say what the Lord tells me to say.
If you don't want to believe it, don't. If you want to be a hater, be a hater.
I have to tell you what the Lord has said and what I believe he said to me.
Even whenever it comes down to whether I stand with what I said about Candace and about him wanting to use her and have a big door: yes, God wants to use her just like he used Saul.
Saul wasn't a man that God was real pleased with. He knocked him off his horse, probably.
I don't remember, but he knocked him off and blinded him for three days.
It wasn't something that was popular as he was killing the Christians, thinking he was doing right, but God still had his hand and said, "I could use that."He wants to use Candace even if she is wrong in some of the things she's saying.
Not everything is right, but God wants to use somebody. He can use whoever he wants to.
Remember the young man I told you? I gave a word to a man. He has a channel called Scammer Payback. The Lord gave me a word. He has a huge following.
This young man has a huge following, and the Lord said, "I'm going to use him in the days ahead, and he's going to bring lots of people into the kingdom."Scammer Payback has a huge channel.
If anybody watches it, he sets up the people that are scammers and try to steal your credit card information and whatever—the people from India that are hackers and stuff.
Well, he has a channel about that, and he has a lot of following.
The Lord said, "I'm going to use that young man."Well, he did an interview today, I believe, and really came out strong for Jesus just like I told you all the Lord said he would. And he's going to become greatly used in the days ahead.
Well, he went on another channel that has over a million subs—people that follow really strong at 1.2 million—and gave his testimony and came out really strong today for Jesus, just like the Lord said he would.
And I thought that was cool. It's prophetic confirmation on my part because I said, "Look, there he is."Brad said, "Did you see what he did today?
Scammer Payback did this, Dad."I said, "Wow, I don't even know his name and I apologize,."I don't know how young he is, but he looks pretty young.
But I'm just saying he went on there and really came out strong for the Lord.
And everybody in the comments was like, "We didn't realize how radical he is for Jesus."He's a tongue talker, Holy Ghost fire guy. And it's just like the Lord said. And I said, "Look at that.
And we even said, I'm going to start to use people with huge platforms, YouTubers, and a major revival will start, and I will use YouTubers to bring in my message to the unsaved."And he said, "I will use people in the days ahead, and a major revival will happen with even Kim K and her sisters, and I will save these people and these celebrities.
I will save them, Brandon, and I will use them for my glory."Mel Gibson and these people—watch what God is going to do.
And people say, "Well, Brandon, who cares?"No, it's about bringing the message.
It's all hands on deck. And I don't care if you're a janitor or a celebrity.
God wants to use you, but they have influence. And there's going to be a fire shut up in their bones.
You say, "Well, they look like they're all going to hell."Well, right now it may look like that, but God can change it on a dime. Stop thinking so small.
Stop thinking in your little, "this is how it has to be.""Well, she stands against Israel and she does this, and God can't use her because of what she says."How small-minded are you that God can turn around somebody that fast?
He is God. He's God. You've got to think bigger than your little peanut brain of how you think it's going to happen.
"Well, Brandon, you stood with this, and she stands against Israel."Folks, you've got to think bigger.
Can God change the hardest of hearts? He said he softens the hearts of Pharaohs and he hardens them.
How many times did he soften the heart and harden it through all the plagues?
"Let my people go.""Okay.""No, harden it."And God's God. Stop trying to manipulate the way you think it should be.
"Well, you missed it."No, I didn't miss it. God wants to use every single one of us.
But I'm telling you, we've got to come up higher. Well, I don't care.
Do you stand with everything all people always do? Don't drink the Kool-Aid.
"Well, it's Republican, the MAGA crowd."Don't be MAGA, be for Jesus.
But I stand for Trump and I pray for him, but I'm not on the MAGA train.
I'm on the Jesus train. I'm not on the Democrat train; I'm on the Jesus train.
But I have seen it's almost like a cult following the way some of you all are.
You're like in a cult. It's idolizing. It's idolizing. You're weird.
Go vertical. Stop going horizontal with political party. Go vertical with Jesus.
Yes, we want to be what Jesus votes for, or what he would probably if he was on the earth. Would he vote for this?
Well, he votes for what the Bible says, but I'm sure if Jesus was able to vote on the earth, he'd probably vote with the Republicans a lot of times because they stand for not aborting babies.
They stand for what I would say was more biblically based. But I don't go with the MAGA crowd all the time. But it's a cult following. It really is.
The way you—if you stand against or say certain things—it's like, "My God, Sister Clipboard came out, huh?"You guys have got to come up higher.
Go vertical. Sister Clipboard gets ticked off and she comes up.
I go, "What is going on with some of you all?""Well, you stood with Candace, you stand with this; they stand against Israel."I never stand against Israel.
God said, "Those that bless Israel I will bless, those that curse it I curse."And I want to be on the blessing side.
Let the elevator go to the top. Ladies and gentlemen, it's time to come up higher.
But I'm not going to stand over and say, "Well, you've got to stand with everything Benjamin Netanyahu stands for."Don't drink the Kool-Aid.
Stand for Jesus. Stand. Go vertical. But there is so much—if you don't get out of that kind of going horizontal, you're in trouble in the days ahead.
You're in trouble. The Lord told me the other word was, he said, "Great political theater will happen in 2026."Great political theater.
I don't know what that means. He said the political theater, and it will be great in 2026.
That's what he said to me when I was outside. He said political theater.
So watch for political theater in 2026 between the Democrats and the Republicans—a year of political drama theater.
Political theater. Yep. He said political drama theater in 2026.
That's one of the words he's been giving me as I pray. So claim Jesus. Stop being like a cult. It's the way we are rigid.
And if you don't—boy, I tell you what—if you don't stand by the way we think you should and drink our Kool-Aid, we're done with you.
I'm like, "Well, then drink your Kool-Aid by yourself then."But I refuse to be in your Kool-Aid crowd.
I'm going vertical and I'm going to say what he tells me to say and I'm going to be bold about it and I'm going to be standing with him.
And when I'm in the front riding with him on my horse on the way back and I'm up there next to him and they say, "How did Brandon get there?"I didn't cower to the opinions of man.
I didn't say what was popular. I said what was on his heart today. And I want to walk with the King in the thousand years.
And he's going to say, "Brandon, you've got a great job ahead of you.
I'm not going to be a janitor over here and a janitor over there."I want him to say, "Boy, well done.
You had some tests. You said what I told you to say, son, and I'm proud of you."And you didn't cower to the people.
You weren't what the false prophets were. You said what I told you to say. He never said it was going to be easy.
That's what he said: "I never told you it was going to be easy, Brandon."I said I'd never leave you.
I never said I would; it's going to be hard and it's going to get harder.
As the days approach and the darkness gets darker, He said it's going to get even harder. He said He hasn't even touched the hard part yet.
He said, "You haven't even said the hard things yet."He goes, "Wait until they really all want to try to stone you."And I said, "Okay."I'm so excited.
Glory to God! I'm crucified with Christ; nevertheless, I live, yet Christ in me is the hope of glory.
I'm crucified with Him. Thank you, Father, for all the hard words.
Thank you, Lord, that I can stand and You call me friend. I'd rather Jesus call me friend than any of you.
I've learned that my so-called friends—so-called church friends or ministry friends—co-workers, that's a better word; church is not a good word because co-laborers are really just fair-weather people and you have to just go, "Whatever, man."I only have a couple.
The higher the thing is, the greater the influence of the shadow, but the fewer people are in your circle.
I'm learning that real quick, and you go, "Well, that's fine; I didn't need you in the first place."Like Diana said as we were driving out, "Brendon, we've been alone for so long."We've been alone.
When we had Megan and not very many people around us, we spent all these years raising a child with special needs and we've not had anybody.
So, why would we need people in our inner circle now? We're used to it.
We're used to being loners, but I want to be vertical—alone with Jesus.
So, let's pray. You want to tubing now? I know that was whatever for the 600 of you that are still here.
You might go, "I'm out of here,"but I want you to pray with me.
Let's seek the Lord and see what He has to say to us tonight. And those that want to tubing, fine.
It's been an hour now. I talked about what was on my heart. Was there anything else?
There was that subway fire; I thought that was interesting. The Lord told us to watch the subways in the capital.
The Lord actually showed me Washington, D.C., and this actually happened in the railway around the capital city.
It was underneath it and it caught on fire, and it was a big deal.
Then a major volcano went off in Indonesia today, and it was a really big deal.
This thing was massive. A massive volcano went off today in Indonesia. You can play that if you want.
More travelers are on alert today after a volcano erupted on the Indonesian island of Java, spewing gas and ash more than two kilometers into the sky.
No flights have been canceled yet, but aviation warnings have been issued. Asia editor James Canty has more.
Fortunately, there have been no reports of any deaths or serious injuries from that massive eruption of Mount Semeru in East Java, a few hundred kilometers west from Bali.
There are also no reports of serious flight disruptions caused by that volcanic ash.
We saw the volcano begin to erupt about midday yesterday, spewing clouds of hot ash, volcanic rock, and lava flowing down the mountain and into some valleys, covering nearby bridges.
Some people were seen covered in ash, and some 300 local residents in nearby villages were evacuated.
They've now extended the warning zone to about eight kilometers around Mount Semeru, but we're told that there's been no disruptions to flights because the ash hasn't gone that high in the air, the cloud pooling at one point some two kilometers above the mountain.
Okay, they saw it. At least it went while the video was playing. You have to watch them. At least you can see the video.
I don't know what's been going on; we'll get a new phone or something.
It's happened a lot lately. It keeps messing up, but it's okay.
This too shall pass. What do you think's causing that? I don't know; it's so weird.
All right, let's take communion together. Resistance—it's just resistance.
You know you're on the right road when you get resistance. I say, "Woo!
I like it!"Father, I thank You, Lord, that we take the devil off.
You know that, Father, we are never called to be in with the crowd.
Father, we're called to separate ourselves from the crowd.
Father, we stand with the King. No guts, no glory, no newsletter story.
I loved it when he said that, Brandon. It takes guts. You either have it or you don't.
Either you stand outside of the crowd or you don't. No guts, no glory, no newsletter story.
You either stand or you don't, son. I said, "Okay, I get it."As the storm winds blow all around me, I stand.
When all there is else to do is stand, stand therefore. And I thank You, Father, for the body, that I can stand boldly in Your throne room.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that I'm made in the image of Jesus. As He is, so are we in this world.
And Father, I thank You that Christ in me is the hope of glory today. I thank You, Lord, that You show us that which is to come.
Father, I thank You that even if we miss it because we are human, we stand up, we brush ourselves off, and we keep marching.
Onward Christian soldiers! Don't lie down and feel bad. No, we keep our eyes vertical.
We keep our eyes focused on Jesus today. And we thank You, Lord, that we're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel. We're moved by what the Word of God says.
And Father, I thank You, Lord. We fear You today, and we seek You, and You said we would find You.
We take this body in the name of Jesus, and we're healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus. Thank You, Lord, for Diana, Braden, and my girls.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers us from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet.
And we thank You, Father, for Your mighty provision over us.
You supply all our needs according to Your riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
Father, You heal us by Your stripes. You provide. You take care of us.
Father, You are our provision. You're our protector, our healer, and our deliverer.
And we thank You, Lord, that You are our abundant supply in every area of our life—spiritually, physically, mentally, emotionally, financially—everything.
You have done it all. And we thank You, Father, that we rest in You, and we will tell the people that You're coming.
We'll tell it with boldness and we won't shrink back like cowards. Father, I thank You, Lord.
We take this body in the name of Jesus; You paid a price and You paid it all.
I humbly give all to You, Lord. All to Jesus, I surrender all today.
We surrender, Lord, in Jesus'mighty name. Amen and amen. Father, we thank You, Lord.
Lord, we thank You for the blood. We pour the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that we have the fresh Rhema, fresh.
We're not on stagnant word that's 40 years old. Father, we go from glory to glory.
We have fresh Rhema word that comes right out of the mouth of the Father every single day because we sit at Your feet daily.
Not just when we visit every once in a while, but God, we're children that sit at Your throne daily.
And we take the blood. I apply the blood over my wife, I apply the blood over me, and I apply the blood over my son.
Father, we thank You, Lord. We make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
Like Sister Billie would say, "O Father, we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us."For we are in Him.
We are in You. We are in Christ Jesus. Thank you, Lord, for the blood. Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
And we take the blood, Father, right now in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for washing us, making us cleansed from all our sin. All of it is gone.
"Behold,"He said, "I make all things new."Thank you, Lord, for the blood right now in Jesus'name. I plead the blood over my spiritual eyes.
I plead the blood over my eyes that I am uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood over my eyes tonight, Father, and I anoint myself with oil, and my cup runneth over.
I thank You, Lord, that I hear You, God. I plead the blood over my spiritual eyes.
And I thank You, Lord, that if there's anything You want to show us tonight, that which is to come, we have it uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic spirit.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You speak through my vocal cords and You think through my mind.
None of me and all of You, in the mighty name of Jesus, we pray.
Amen and amen. And we plead the blood over Diana, Lord. And I thank You that You show her.
I want to put on your mantle, love. I lay hands on you. I sure love you.
Father, we plead the blood over us. Father, we thank You. I feel the Holy Ghost and fire on me.
Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Isn't Jesus wonderful? Isn't He wonderful as the storm winds blow all around you?
Isn't Jesus wonderful when you're not in popular opinion, and you stand all by yourself and the winds are blowing and people are throwing tomatoes at you?
You say, "Oh, but God is so good to me."But God is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
He is able. He is able. For the Lord, He is good, and His mercy endures forever.
Great is Your faithfulness to us, O God. Great is Your faithfulness to my household.
Father, as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord, even when it's not politically correct.
We are all going to be on Your side. For who is on the Lord's side?
Me, my wife, my children, Father. For there are more with us than there are with them.
As we look out on the hillside, there's more that is with us than there are with them.
We don't care what they say, for we have more with us than there are with them.
Jesus Christ is coming. He's coming. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes to see His face. O Father, the fire in our bones, just like fire in our bones.
Holy Ghost and fire shut up in our bones. It's just like fire, shut up in my bones.
That Holy Ghost fire, shut up in my bones. Thank you, Lord. First it was fragrance and then it turned to fire.
My worship is my weapon. This is how I win my battles. First it was fragrance and then it turned to fire.
My worship is my weapon. This is how I win my battles. I love that song.
First it was fragrance, then it turned to fire. My worship is my weapon.
This is how I win my battle. I feel His presence so strong. Thank you, Father, for Your fragrance.
Thank you, Father, that it turned to fire. Thank you, Lord, that my worship is my weapon.
This is how I win my battles. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father.
He said, "Look into Me today. Look into Me today."Then He said, "Look into Me.
Look how I look. Look into Me today."I see the sun arising upon Africa today.
I see the fire. I see the glory. I see the rays of the sun shining upon the people.
Might open up. I see the sun shining on their faces today. I see the African people with their faces looking toward the sun.
But there's a glory; in this vision, I see it's olive oil. There's oil, the Holy Ghost oil, running down their faces.
They're dressed in African garb with tribal beads. There's red on these outfits, but they have these headdresses on.
But as they're looking toward the sun, I see a new oil running down their faces and there's a glory on their faces.
And there's nothing around but just like dirt and these huts.
But as this glory is falling down there, there's oil falling down on their faces. It's saturating them.
It's like whenever you dump oil, it spreads, and the glory of the Lord is coming upon the African people.
It's interesting. I see them. They're jumping and they're putting their chests out.
They're making a noise. They're popping their chests back.
It's like a dance. But they have beads on and there's paint on them.
But there's olive oil coming down on them. He's not forgotten you today.
Many think, "Well, what about—where's the revival for Africa?
Where's the coming of the King? Where is the Lord? There's been so much drought here."And I see the drought.
But I hear the sound of an abundance of rain. I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
I hear it's like a ticking noise. I'm going to go in a deeper realm. Glory to God.
He says, "Glory to God, even down into the Congo."That's what He just said.
Even down into the Congo, with great persecution. You're going to see, I'm telling you, creative miracles. This is going to be a wave.
A wave will come and it will pull, and another wave will come right on the heels of it, of the creative miracles.
You're about to see a wave, a wave, a wave of the glory upon this world.
It will come in waves and it will look like that one's receding back, but another wave will come.
And as these waves keep coming in, I see arms. I see in the wave of this glory.
I see body parts in the wave. The wave comes in and it recedes back.
But before it even has time to recede back, another glory wave comes in.
But in this wave are eyes, ears, hands, feet—body parts from My reserves are coming unto thee.
And there will be creative miracles flowing in Africa. There will be creative miracles flowing in America.
You will see it as you yield to it. I see a Holy Ghost wave of glory flowing in South America.
I see it hitting all out in the bush, in the glorious, and you will see the glory of the Lord.
The glory of the Lord will wash over the people. It will look like a washing and a flow.
It will flow and flow. And the glory, unlike you have ever seen before, the glory of the Lord. I hear the Lord say it will be a flow.
I see the eyes, the ears, and the toes, what you have been believing for from these great silos, for I am emptying them out for I do not need them here.
I hear Him say, "What more do you need to hear?"He said, "I have reserved it for today, for a great move of My presence will be upon My people today.
I will empty the reserves, for there is no need for it here, for this was what I called, and it will draw you near.
For it is My goodness,"He says, "that will bring them to repentance. For it is My goodness that will pass through.
You will see My goodness and My mercy—something you did not earn and something you did not deserve.
For My glory. I hear the sound of abundance of rain, for it will be the glory unto Him.
I am emptying My silos; they are dumping them out. I see it will come in on the waves, a wave of the glory.
There will be so much of this. I see black arms, white arms, brown arms, and yellow arms—creative miracles.
Blue eyes, black eyes, brown eyes, and green eyes. As you walk in My authority, I see the glory and I see more healings of hearts, livers, and intestines.
I see brand new colons. You might have a colostomy bag, but He is going to restore back what the cankerworm ate.
He said, "There will be no sick among you."Just like My children of Israel, they left with no sickness and no disease.
You will walk in the same. It will be a type and and shadow. You would have to resist the glory.
This is an outpouring over Africa, South America, and America.
He says, "America, get out of the thinking of the natural."If you resist this—I see Africa, and it is happening like ripe cherries off a tree.
It is happening so much in the middle for the people who would just believe.
America tries to block it like a dam because of the tradition of man.
Get out of the natural thinking. Come up higher with Me. Do not be a dam; be a river.
Let Him flow. Let the Holy Ghost flow. Let Him flow like He can in Africa.
Let Him flow through South America. I see the glory of the Lord. I see the waves.
Before the wave is able to come back, another wave will come on top of it, for I am emptying My silos.
There is too much religion for today. Let the Holy Ghost flow.
Let the Holy Spirit flow. It is His goodness and His mercy that will follow us.
This is the great finale that He has for us, the greatest finale of all. It will be His goodness displayed upon them all.
He said, "I will display My goodness upon all, and His goodness and His mercy will follow all over you, for I have the greatest treasures for you."Do not become accustomed to what He is about to do, taking it for granted.
When you hear about someone else getting a blessing, everything you see is precious.
I heard the Spirit of the Lord say everything is precious unto Him.
Glory to God. For it is His goodness and His mercy. And this is what Kathryn Kuhlman desired to see.
She did not see the full manifestation of it. I see her standing before me, watching in the great cloud of witnesses.
She is wearing the same outfit she had on Earth, with the bell sleeves, and she is watching.
It is glorious. She is looking out over a portal and anticipating what she is about to see.
Isn't it amazing the Lord allows me to see the ones who have gone before us?
They are watching and anticipating this glorious outpouring.
Kim Clement was there, and now I see Kathryn Kuhlman looking over a portal.
It looks like a cobblestone well. There is green grass on this side.
It is like a water portal; if you touched it, you could interrupt the reflection.
She is watching, anticipating the greatest move of the Spirit of God that we have ever seen.
The angelic host are emptying the silos right now. The Lord said, "Why do I have need of them here?
I have saved them for today."It is the grand finale. Reach out by faith and receive.
Reach out with simple faith as a child. Do not think like an adult; think like a child.
He said, "Come to Me as a child."I see children who are so easily able to receive it; they have no doubt.
Doubt is taught, but a child believes. They just believe. We're going to get that for you.
Okay, Dad. Just trust. He said, "Come to me as the children would come to you."Like trust.
Disappointment comes in because you let him down, you know.
But I'm telling you, come to God like this child. I see the wave. I hear the wave.
And it will come on the hill with the greatest outpouring—this greatest well.
I see people coming to Jesus. Remember even with Jesus, he didn't heal the saved; he healed the sinner. It's the goodness of God that brings men to repentance.
It's the goodness of God that brings men to repentance, and it's his goodness and mercy that will flow over me.
I see gold coins. And that's interesting. I see these gold coins and they're raining down.
This represents finances, a supernatural outpouring of finances.
My cup runneth over. Wow, this is cool. I see plants. I see seeds you've sowed.
The seeds you sowed will come to pass at last. The harvest is plentiful.
The sacrificial seeds you sowed will come to pass at last. And I'm seeing Asia today.
I'm over Asia. I just got taken from Africa. I'm in Asia. And I see South Korea. I see the edge. I see Taiwan. I see all of the edge of China.
And I see a glory wave just like I'm talking about over Africa, over Asia today.
I see the waves of the healings and the manifestations over Asia.
For I have not forgotten my Asians and a great move of my presence.
A great move of the Spirit over Asia, over South America, over these areas.
You'll see it over South Korea. I see South Korea and it's highlighted before me. South Korea will be a hub.
A major pillar of revival will spring forth from South Korea and it will spread throughout China, Vietnam, and all of Asia, and a major move of God will spring forth from South Korea.
For the Korean people are interceding and praying, and this great revival will be birthed out of prayer.
I see a major rock—I don't know why I see it, but whenever you toss a rock into the water, it causes a wave.
And this is what's coming forth out of South Korea: a Holy Ghost rock.
"Upon this rock, I will build my church and the gates of hell will not prevail against it."That's what he just said.
It's a rock over South Korea. I see South Korea. But as this goes, a wave of the glory through prayer, and it's going to Japan, North Korea, and Taiwan.
It's going all over. But you know it doesn't go one way. A wave goes all around in all directions.
That's what's about to happen. It's here now. You just believe it. I'm telling you, I see this.
And what's interesting is as this happens in South Korea, it even has an effect on Alaska and Hawaii.
A tsunami wave of the glory. It's a hotspot. And it will trickle even over into Russia.
I don't know—that would be eastern Russia, right? It's all over here.
It's like China, Russia, and North Korea, but it affects all up in there. This is the glory.
It's birthed, fueled by prayer, ignited by fire, fueled by prayer, ignited by the Spirit and his glory.
Fueled by prayer, fired by the Spirit, ignited with his glory.
That's right. And it will flow there. It will flow, the wave of the presence of the Lord.
Isn't it interesting? It shows influence. It's so thick I can see through it.
I see fire. I see South Korea. The glory of the Lord is so thick it looks like walls of it.
It's saturated. This is a saturating and a soaking glory all throughout Asia.
And it's like when you're looking through it, you can see through the glory.
It's almost like everything is so bright that you can walk inside of the glory of the Lord.
But you know, like if it was really thin, you'd walk on the other side of it.
When you walk over into this glory, it's thick and you can remain in it.
Almost like you're pouring over that oil again. I don't know how else to describe what I'm seeing.
It's a dimension. I see people laying prostrate all over the ground. Some of them have been laid out in the glory for days.
You know how you can fall in the glory and the glory's on you and you get right back up?
I'm talking—the glory of the Lord is so heavy they'll be slain for a day or two days.
They'll be like out. You're caught up in the glory. You're caught up in the presence.
You don't need to eat or drink; you're in the glory. It's the glory.
We've not experienced what we're about to experience with the glory of the Lord and the goodness of God that brings man to repentance.
It's going to change you from the inside out. Glory explosion with Shekinah glory.
But it's the weightiness. It'll be the weightiness of God. Go back to Brownsville. I don't know; I wasn't in Brownsville. I didn't go.
But for those of you that got to experience Brownsville, he said it was a weightiness.
He said, "Magnify it by ten."That's what he just said. Take what happened at Brownsville and magnify it by ten.
We've never experienced what's about to happen. None of us.
How are people even going to walk? They won't. They'll just crawl out of bars.
They're going to crawl out of the place and it will radiate from these spots.
They're glory spots. One will be in Tennessee. I see Chattanooga and Cleveland.
It's right on the border. There's going to be a glory spot right there. It's where Harvest Church is, where Billy goes.
There's a glory spot there and there will be one down at Church of His Presence with Pastor John Kilpatrick.
They're glory spots again. He says, "I'm going to do a great thing in them."I see John Kilpatrick.
I see Perry. I see Doris. It will be at John Kilpatrick's church.
I see the glory on John Kilpatrick again. Daphne, Alabama. There's things that he's quickening in him.
He's stirring up revival back in him. I see a cultivation happening in Pastor John.
There's a whipping inside of him. He's stirring it up inside of him again.
And it's a cultivation inside of Pastor John Kilpatrick like a stir and a whipping like whipping cream.
He said he's cranking it. You know when you see those old Model T Fords and you have to crank it to start it?
There's a starting up inside of him again, a fanning of the flame.
But his youth is renewed like the eagles, and I'm going to give him a fountain of youth to finish the race. That's what the Holy Ghost has said.
"I'm going to finish what I started in him and I'm going to stir a new revival in John Kilpatrick again."I'm going to stir in him again.
It's going to be a whipping, a stir, and a stir. I'm dealing with him, and I'm going to give him a fresh anointing again. That's what he says.
Listen, I can see Pastor John Kilpatrick, and he's going to give him a fresh fire and a fresh anointing like the eagles.
He's dealing with his weight and his heart, cleaning his arteries, and you're going to see the glory. He's going to have more energy than he's ever had before.
The Lord says, "I'm going to give him a fountain of youth inside of his blood and cleanse his arteries where there are some things going on."Well, I see this: there's a cleansing of plaque in his arteries.
He's going to have a new blood flow because there's cholesterol and something going on.
He said, "I'm going to give him a brand new start."He's going to feel more youth than he's ever had, for he's felt tired.
He's going to give him a fresh new Holy Ghost fire in his blood. It's happening right now as we speak.
A fresh new fire on John Kilpatrick's blood, over his arteries, his neck, and the flow.
He's going to have more energy than he's ever had, and he'll live long and finish strong. He'll see the coming of the Lord.
I hear the Lord say he's not going home; he's going to live long and finish strong into his older age.
This is the timeframe, and he's going to do this with these older generals. I see it so clearly.
I'm looking at him, and there's glory going through his veins right now—his heart and all his arteries.
There's glory going through his legs. He needs strength in his legs.
There's going to be strength in his knees, his calves, and his thighs so he can stand up and preach longer.
These services will last longer, and he'll need stronger legs. He's renewing everything.
I'm talking about a Holy Ghost fire going through his body, and he just receives it. This will go through his wife, too.
They'll be acting like they're young, chasing each other around the house like new kids.
He said, "The glory sustained Moses, and the glory will sustain my elders today."That's what the Lord just said: "The glory will sustain the elders like I sustained Moses."His body didn't grow old; he didn't fade; his eyes didn't fade because the glory was on Moses.
Do you understand? And that's what he said: "I'm going to do that with my elders.
I need them to be pioneers of faith."Now, some of them don't want to yield to it, and they're going to go home.
But there are certain ones I need for key figures for what's about to come.
They've lived it once, but they'll know what to do with it again.
I'm going to give them a new mindset concerning this. Things they messed up with in the past, they won't repeat.
They will come with a fresh vision and a fresh outlook on what I'm about to do.
That's what the Lord said. He's going to visit the islands throughout Hawaii.
All the islands are glowing with the glory. There's a key church in Honolulu.
The Lord is about to visit you. There'll be new faces rising up in Australia—young ones, 25 to 30 years old.
New faces rising up who will have a fire like David, and they'll spread throughout Australia.
They'll have a mega-church that grows fast with all these people coming with revival. I would even say they're going to use Hillsong's building.
There will be fresh worship coming out of Australia—fresh worship, fresh presence, and fresh fragrance. New songs and new worship will come up out of Australia.
It will spread like a flower, a lily, and it has pistils, those flower petals, and the sound is coming up out of this lily.
The lily has dark, deep colors of beautiful purples and pinks, and there's orange on the tops of these stems.
The sound is coming up out of this lily. I see music notes coming up out of this flower.
It's been so dry down there for so long, but the Lord said a great revival is coming to Australia—a great presence, a great fragrance.
A fragrance of worship is coming up out of that flower. A fragrance will come up out of the worship that comes from Australia.
It will smell sweet before me. I see a blonde girl, probably 15 to 19 years old.
She's going to come with a really big song. There's something major about this girl.
She's going to write a song; it's heavenly music. Watch for this young girl.
She's going to have a new song that hits the charts. It'll be a beautiful fragrance coming from her. She's going to hear it from heaven.
It's an upload—the Lord says a new upload will come to this girl, and she'll bring heavenly worship.
I can see where she lives in Australia. He has an arrow down on the map and says she lives right here.
Pray for this area. A great revival will come, and the coming of my Son. Now He's highlighted Canada.
Creative ideas will come to people in Canada where it seems like finances are drying up.
You will be a distribution center for creative ideas, and I see a well of revival money flow.
You'll help support the money flow, for there's financial trouble on the horizon for Canada.
A major shaking of your finances is coming, but God will sustain.
You have Josephs; creative ideas are coming with tech—a new form of tech.
Remember what I said concerning Don Jr. and Eric? A doubling and tripling of the wealth of the Trumps.
I see the American Indians. I see a great revival coming in Arizona over American Indians there.
It's tribal land. I can see it's over Mexico, New Mexico, and Arizona—a major move with American Indians. It even leaks over into Colorado; I see it all in the corner.
And the glory of the Lord—I hear Him say to you—the glory of the Lord will be over the American Indians, and it will spread over into Oklahoma.
A great revival will come over the American Indians. There surely is a glory on him.
The Cherokee, the Choctaw. Glory to God, y'all. This is wonderful tonight.
This is wonderful what Jesus is doing. Thank you, Lord. Isn't Jesus wonderful, baby?
Wonderful. And this will go all throughout England. I see England, and He said, 'I have not forgotten England.
There will be a great revival even in England. It will be a great revival.'Someone said, 'Well, that's everywhere.'Yes, that is precisely the point.
It's everywhere, all throughout the Middle East. I'm telling you, I see a shaking again.
All those temples with the monkeys on them are going to be shaking.
There's a major earthquake coming to the temples in India—a sign.
The Lord said a sign will come and the temples will be shaken with false gods and false idols.
There will be a shaking as a sign that a major move of My presence is coming to this area.
A shaking will come and these false temples and false gods will be like dust.
They're going to come down; the epicenter is over these areas.
Glory to God! False gods and false idols are coming down. It will be a sign. Look for it.
The Lord said, 'Be looking for this, for I'm bringing false gods and false idols down.'He said, 'Brandon, now they can't say you always give negative words, son.'He's so funny.
I love You, Lord; You're so funny. He said, 'Now they can't always say that you give negative words, son.'That's what He just said to me.
It's so funny. It wouldn't matter if they did. Lord, He's so funny.
I love the way He said it, too; His voice was nice. I sure love You.
You're such a friend to me. What a friend we have in Jesus, all our sins and griefs to bear. What a privilege to carry everything to God in prayer.
Oh, what peace we often forfeit, oh, what needless pain we bear, all because we do not carry everything to God in prayer.
I'm so excited we were born for such a time as this. I'm excited for John Kilpatrick.
That was cool. It's really neat that he's going to do that for him. I wonder what he feels right now.
If he's at his house right now, sleeping, he feels the glory because I saw it happening right now.
He's renewing his youth. He'll be like a brand-new man on Sunday.
You'll have a brand-new pastor. He'll be running around that church.
I'm telling you, the glory of the Lord is restoring him. And the same with Perry.
There'll be things He's dealing with in these men, but it will spread.
Perry will become like this, and there's another person rising up beside him who is a lot younger because it's going to happen so much—24 hours a day, seven days a week.
It won't just be one person; there's going to be another one.
But the Lord is going to use him primarily all the time down here in Daphne. John will be there all the time.
Sometimes he'll be sitting on the platform and he'll just sit back while the glory is in the service.
I see him just sitting there in this vision right now. He's just sitting on the platform and the glory of the Lord is there and the weight of the presence.
There's some laughing, some crying, some weeping before the Lord, but there's a glorious presence and there's nobody moving in this place.
He's just sitting there; he doesn't have to say anything. And the glory is just there.
That's amazing. I just saw it again for this pastor. So, praise the Lord, y'all.
I'll go down, get an RV, and park out in that parking lot. I want to be a part of it.
I want to see this. But it will be times ten. Why that number? I don't know, but I see times ten.
What he had at Pensacola times ten. Wow, what in the world is that going to be like?
Why ten? Isn't that interesting? He didn't say times three; He said times ten.
When does He ever multiply times ten? Father usually goes sevenfold, or 30, 60, 100-fold, but ten? Why that number, Father? That's so interesting.
He'll show up in California and there will be a great red wave—a great move of My presence in California.
He's not forgotten California. All along the coast. And I'm telling you, a move of God is going to shake Hollywood.
It's going to shake all the way up to Portland, Oregon. There's going to be a major move of God once again.
For I did it with John G. Lake, and there's a new one coming. It's like a breathing on the old for what's about to happen with the new concerning a John G.
Lake era in Portland, Oregon. All this area. A great move. And the liberals are going to squawk.
They will squawk, but they can't hold back what God is about to do.
And there will be no lack of My glory upon you. That's what the Lord just said.
This has been fun. I don't want to stop. I'll just keep going.
I know a lot of you say, 'Two hours and 20 minutes, Brandon.'I don't care.
I told you, you used to sin for a long time and stay out clubbing on Friday nights; now you can stay and pray with me.
Lord, is there anything more? He said, 'I've saved the best for last, and I have great things in store.'I have great things in store, Braden.
I have great things for the church. They're coming in hot. Be patient with the babies; they're coming in.
Be patient with my babies, for I was patient with you. They're coming in.
It's the goodness of God that will bring them to repentance.
You're going to see it, for this will be the greatest move of My presence.
Once again, He's emptying the silos. But what's cool is it's coming on these waves.
I see wave after wave. Once the body part gets taken, it has another wave; it's going to be used.
Whatever you need—new arms, new legs, new eyes. That means believe God for a new heart.
If you need new kidneys... Joyce, your kidneys are in this wave. I see it. Take it by faith, Joyce.
She's always praying, 'Please pray for Joyce to have new kidneys.'I believe for Joyce to have new kidneys. There are body parts in this.
The Lord said, 'Receive it by faith, but receive it like a child.'And it's going to go throughout, and you're going to see arms grow out, eyes, everything—maybe even some hair.
What do I believe in God for? Hair. I come on here and you say, "Brandon, is that a wig?"I say, "No, I got a new head of hair.
I like your hair."You don't think I'll be looking like I'm 20 again, baby.
You'll be like, "Woo, look at him."I'll be able to use some gel in it.
Pop it over the side. Glory to God. Hallelujah. I'm excited, y'all.
I'm excited for what the Lord is showing us. Lord, hallelujah.
I can camp here, Lord. Camping here, Lord. Glory to God. Hallelujah.
Something about IHOP. He highlighted IHOP. And there is a fresh wave coming like a new IHOP.
Corruption. And it looked like it was completely destroyed. It's gone.
It's like ground that has been bulldozed down, but a new building will be built.
A new thing. Behold, I'll do something new. And I see this ground that has been tilled up.
Everything looks like it's decimated, everything looks like it's over, but in this area, I see a new building springing forth a new thing, a new cultivation from what was old to something new.
And I will spread my glory even through you. He's asking somebody to do something right now.
And they're feeling, "Should I do it?"It's me. He's spurring you, is what he said.
He's spurring them to do something new from corruption. Behold, I do something new.
This is sensitive to people. It's very sensitive. It brings a bad taste in their mouth.
It's bitter. It's bitter to their mouths. But I'm bringing honey to your mouths again.
It almost makes you sick to your stomach to even try to put it.
It's nauseating. But I'm bringing something like honey to them.
A new honey. It will be sweet to the mouth, sweet to the taste again.
For what was bitter in the old, I'll bring a freshness of honey within.
And the glory of my presence will be again. Glory to God. Hallelujah, baby.
I see it. IHOP, International House of Prayer. Look, I'm not talking to you, babe.
I'm looking over in the spirit and I see new honey for what was bitter.
It's a new thing. Behold, a new thing. There'll be new people.
But because the people are so hungry and so desperate, there'll be a new thing.
And what became bitter will turn to... I don't understand what he's talking about.
I don't follow any of this. This is just what I'm hearing and I'm repeating it. For what was bitter to the taste will become honey again.
So take that for whatever that means because it looks like thick, beautiful, golden honey and it's on a...
Okay, so what I see in this vision, I see one of those old honey pots.
You know those old sticks with the little ball at the end of it, with the little things that you dip in the honey and you spread on your bread.
I see that dip down into that and I see it putting it upon a tongue. I see a big tongue with lips and I see the glory.
I see it dipped down in that honeycomb like honey and it's thick, beautiful honey, and it has little bubbles in it.
It's dipped and it's putting it on that tongue. For there was bitter, and it looked like what was bitter was thick and nasty looking.
It looked like sludge and it was upon the mouth and as you ate it, it made you sick to your stomach.
It was gray and green and dingy. It was nasty and it became bitter on people's tongues and it made them sick in this vision.
But the Lord said, "I'm going to take honey again and I'm going to dip it down and I'm going to bring it again."A honey again.
It'll be honey on their tongue for what was bitter will be honey again.
And I saw IHOP. So y'all take it for what it's worth. I don't know what that means, but that's just what I see.
So I just repeat what I see. He's working in people. New phrases.
New faces. Glory to God. A fragrance. That's what he had. I felt it lift.
Not the mantle. You start feeling it lift. Hallelujah. I was glad I showed up tonight.
Were you? Yes. Thank you for being here. I'm thirsty now. How long was I at it?
About an hour and a half. See, it's getting longer and longer.
I can stay. Isn't that awesome? It's like a muscle. That's what they're doing.
Braden, show that. I saw them doing that in Africa. What are they doing that for?
Jumping dance. Some people are saying it's like a war. A war, I think.
So they said Maasai jumping. Yeah. Well, that's what they were doing.
But they were doing it and the glory was coming on their faces.
See, they're wearing the red, son. Do you see it? I said they're wearing red.
And they have beads. Do you see the beads, buddy? That's the people I saw.
And they're jumping just like that with their chests out. And they were singing, but the glory was coming on them.
And it looked like oil on those people right there with the beads.
And they said they do the clicking. That's a part of their language.
They click. I hear clicking in their language. Isn't the Holy Spirit so cool?
This is what they were doing. That's Kenya. Well, they're about to have a major move of God in Kenya.
I saw it in a wave of the Holy Ghost and fire. And they were jumping and doing that and the glory was on them.
East Africa. And he said, "Even to the Congo."So, all glory to Jesus.
It's already late again, but that's all right. Praise the Lord.
You'll have to take this and divide it up, make little shorts out of it so people can watch it and come back to it and use it for reference so they don't have to watch almost three hours of video.
It'll make it easier on you. Braden keeps working on it. He's been a busy man.
Awesome. Everybody loves Braden. Not a boy, a man. I know. I love him. We're so thankful for him. Thank you, son. He's awesome.
I don't think there's a single person in here who doesn't think Braden's awesome.
Send him some love. So, all glory to Jesus. Thank you, Braden.
He likes to read. You saw Lily. That was cool. Yeah, the sound of a fragrance.
It represented a fragrance of worship. And it was this girl, a blonde girl.
I could see her in Australia and she was writing music. It's still going.
They're writing the music and it was really neat to watch. So that's what we have for y'all tonight.
Y'all good? Everybody's good. All 6,500 of you. You pray. Still loving on Braden.
It's still going. I told you you broke the chat. He said, "Thank you all."Look at that.
He broke the chat. You can't even read it. Braden is awesome.
6,500 of you. Ain't that amazing? We're appreciative. You sacrificed your time.
You're a good kid. I love you, Braden. You come in here and make sure you're moderating for some of these people.
You've got to. He comes in here. I'm proud of you. Well, glory to God, y'all.
Thank you for joining us tonight. I really appreciate it. Many hands make light work.
And there's a major move like you all have heard tonight that God is about to do across this beautiful planet. And I'm telling you, Jesus is wonderful and he loves you.
But if you're here tonight and you've never experienced Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, you need to know him.
Don't let a day go by. If you're here tonight and you've never experienced a relationship with the Lord, don't wait one more minute. It's never too late to come to Jesus.
If you're here tonight and you've never experienced a relationship—if Jesus doesn't know you, if you don't know him—I want to introduce you to my friend. I want you to invite Jesus Christ to be your Lord.
If you're here tonight and you want to know Jesus, if you want him to know you, I want you to repeat a simple prayer with me and just ask Jesus to be your Lord and personal savior. I just want to make an opportunity every single time.
If you're here tonight and you're backsliding—you used to be on fire for the Lord, you used to be walking with him, you used to fellowship with him—but you've turned your back on the Lord.
He's never turned his back on you, but you've turned your back on him and you went back to what? Like a dog to its vomit.
But tonight, you say, 'Hey, I want to sell out for Jesus again.'I want to give you the opportunity to come back to the Lord like the prodigal son.
You run back to God when you sin. You don't run away from him. So if this is speaking to you as we close and you just say, 'Brandon, could you please pray for me?
I want to be a part of the great revival. I want to be a part of what's about to happen.'I feel so far from the Lord.
I'm so desperate for change. I don't like where my marriage is at. I don't like where I'm at with my job.
I'm just broken inside, but I would like a fresh, clean start tonight.
Will you pray for me, Brandon? Will you pray for us? I just want to start over.
I truly believe that you're not here by accident. Jesus is an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's always there. He's never left you and he's never forsaken you.
But tonight, I want to give you the opportunity to come back to Jesus or to come to Jesus for the first time.
He's knocking on the door of your heart right now. He's saying, 'Will you let me in?
Will you let me make your mess into a message? Will you let me turn your circumstances around?
I just want to be your friend. I just want to love on you.'His arms are wide open.
He's right there and he's saying, 'Beloved, I just want to love on you.'So, I'm going to say a simple prayer.
There might just be one or two of you. I don't know. But if this whole night was just for you—for the one or the two—He leaves the 99 to go after the one.
And if there's just one of you tonight, it was all worth it. Let me say a simple prayer and you repeat it after me.
But I want you to be bold about your decision. And I want you to put in the comment section right now, 'I want to be saved tonight.
I'm coming home. I just want to sell out to the Lord. I don't want to run anymore.'And if this is speaking to you right now, I want you to be bold about it.
Jesus was bold and dying for you. He died in public in front of everybody. He died an awful death.
It's nothing for you right now just to put in the chat right now, 'I want to be saved. I want Jesus. I'm selling out to him.
I want a fresh start.'I'm going to say a simple prayer and right now I believe you're coming home.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the son of God. I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
And Jesus, tonight I'm coming home. I ask you to forgive me for walking away from what I knew.
I ask you to give me a fresh, clean start tonight. Lord, I don't deserve it.
I can't earn it. I know it was by grace I'm saved through faith.
And I thank you that tonight is my night of a fresh, clean start.
You're a good God and I'm coming home. I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
And I thank you, Lord, that I turn my back on the world. I turn my back on the devil.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'll serve you with all I have. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for today is a new day.
You said, 'Behold, I make all things new.'And I thank you, Lord, the moment I confess my sins—I'm a sinner, and I need a savior—I thank you, Lord, that you forgive me of my sins and cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
I'm saved. I love you, Lord. And I'm born again.'I believe as you said that prayer tonight, you just got your fresh clean start.
The Bible says with a heart confession is made unto salvation.
And I believe that tonight as you said that simple prayer, it's all washed in the blood.
Everything—behold, he's made everything new. Now, if you're here and you accepted Jesus, we're excited you're here.
We're rejoicing with you. But I want you to get plugged into a Bible-believing church, a radical on-fire church.
Go to a church that's on fire. Don't go to a lukewarm church that doesn't teach you the word of God.
You go in there and you go, 'Man, I'm as dead as everybody else in here.'I don't want it.
Go around somebody that is alive. They've got some spark to them.
And so, find a church that stirs you up, gets you excited about being a Christian.
Don't go back to the people—usually, you have to make brand new friends.
A lot of times you don't want to go back to the people you were hanging around before because a lot of times those people try to drag you back into the muddy mess you were in.
Find some good people to hang around. You might have to totally revamp your whole life.
Tell your old friends: 'Listen, I made a new commitment to Jesus tonight.
I can't go back into all that partying and drinking and sleeping around.
I encourage y'all to follow me, but I can't go back to the mess I was in because God's given me a fresh, clean start tonight.'So, I'm looking for some new friends.
Read your Bible every day. Pray. Fellowship with us. Come over here and pray with us.
We'll love on you. We don't judge you. We're not here to beat you with religion.
I cannot stand religion. Brandon doesn't like it. Diana doesn't like it.
We want a relationship with Jesus Christ. It's all about relationship with us.
But you've got to step away and walk away from the sin you were in.
Say, 'I don't want to do this anymore. I say no turning back. I'm going to choose.
I get to follow Jesus today. It's not that I have to; I get to.'He is a friend; he is everything to me.
But if you can't afford a Bible and you just said that sinner's prayer and you've never had a Bible, we want to give you a Bible for free.
Diana will tell you how to get it. Go down to the description of this video and you'll find our email address.
And if you just put 'I can't afford a Bible'in the title and then put your name and address, we will get one to you.
And we are so excited. You made the best decision of your life and all of heaven is rejoicing and we are rejoicing with you.
And the devil's crying because he just lost a really good sinner.
He's like, 'Oh man, we lost a good one today.'All 34 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, we rejoice with you.
All 34 of you, welcome to the family. We're excited for you and many more to come as the video keeps going.
I'm sure there will be more coming. I'm so glad we went ahead and had an altar call.
34 people gave their hearts to Jesus Christ tonight and we rejoice with every single one of them. Heaven rejoices and hell's crying.
They're going, 'Well, man, we lost a good sinner.'And if you see this after the live and you said the sinner's prayer, then write in the comments, 'I gave my heart to Jesus today.'We get excited about it because we're trying to keep a tally of how many people gave their heart to Jesus for the year of 2025 through this ministry.
And how many people gave their heart through our ministry and then we're going to start it over in 2026?
Yes. Who will be the first? The first one in 2026. We'll do a New Year's Eve service.
Who wants to pray with us on New Year's Eve? Do y'all want to pray with us for a little bit on New Year's Eve?
We'll do a little bit of a prayer on New Year's Eve. We'll see if the Lord has a word for New Year's Eve anymore.
I talked to Pastor Paul and them about doing this conference and he said he had a word for 2026 so far.
I don't have a word for 2026 so far. I have bits and pieces of a word for 2026, and they're saying that I have a word for 2026. I truly don't have it.
I keep praying over it, but I get bits and pieces of it and he's showing me things, but I don't have a ground-shaking word yet.
Usually, the Lord will map out the whole year of 2026, and it's usually toward the end of December.
He usually gives me what's going to happen for 2025 and he'll give me an outline of things and what I'm going to pray over—major key points of prayer.
But that's usually toward the end of the year. It's always, isn't it?
Like he'll always say, 'These are the main key things you need to pray about for 2025.
Feel the shifting.'And sometimes it's even the week of 2026, the first week of it.
Sometimes, but usually, it's the last part of December. And he'll say, 'Sit down.
I want to make you take notes. This is what you're praying into 2025.'And every single time it's always right.
It's always the major things of what we're seeing. And so far, what he said today was 2026 will be a lot of political theater.
There'll be a lot of political theater in 2026 so far. And then he talked about the finances and watching Eric and Dawn and praying over that.
And then he said, I heard 'impeach'and things like that again.
But they'll try to stir up things, and so that must go along with the political drama.
A lot of theater, because he called it drama. He said political theater drama on both sides.
And then he showed us about the elections and that if the people didn't come out like they did, he said we'll lose the Senate. And he said, 'But you need both.
It will be a stalemate presidency, but he needs both to get the job done.'And he said, 'Oklahoma will be divided if you don't start praying over our governor's race right now.'He says a very strong candidate for the Democratic party will come out in Oklahoma and it will be very strong and it will be very serious for Oklahoma concerning the political seats.
Oh man, that takes a lot out of you. I tell you what, I feel like after I go through the spirit room like that and I'm looking over, I feel like I ran a marathon.
After the anointing starts lifting off of me, I can feel it. It's amazing. The glory comes on your flesh, but your flesh is flesh.
That's why we need a glorified body because when you're under the glory, it makes your flesh tired.
It's heavy. The glory is heavy. It's amazing, though. So, yep. Everybody needs to vote.
If you're not registered to vote and you can vote, vote righteous.
Vote righteous. Don't vote dumb. Vote righteous. Glory to God. Well, we pray the video blessed y'all tonight.
I know it's late here and so we appreciate every single one of you staying with us. We love you. Thank you for your support.
If you could, before you leave, if you're new here and you've never been to one of our videos, like our videos and subscribe.
If you haven't subscribed, subscribe. Click the notification bell.
Comment something nice down below if the video blessed you tonight.
Help us with the algorithm. We never ask you for anything. Never for anything financially.
We just ask you to help us with this because it's helping us grow this channel and all glory to God.
But it takes every single one of you to be a part of it, to click that like button.
It's free. It doesn't cost you a dime. We're praying about 2026.
I have great vision for this channel for a million-man and woman prayer army and we are going to touch the nations for Jesus in 2026 and the rest of 2025.
We have a great plan and we're coming out with it in what God has called us to do to raise up prayer warriors for this generation.
For he said it will be birthed out of prayer. Fueled by prayer, ignited by his presence, fired by the spirit, and ignited with his glory.
Just like brother Hagin got. And so I just want to believe God for that.
It's time. We're running out of time. And so what are we going to believe for in 2026? Let's believe for the double.
Let's believe for this ministry to double from where it is at 600,000 subs to 1.2 million in 2026.
Why not believe God for big? A lot of prayers. Yes. Why not believe God for big?
I'm like, you know what? We're touching the nations for Jesus.
So, I believe it. So, love you all. Thank you for your support.
Thank you for always being here and praying with us. I know it's late, but where else you got to be?
Maybe in bed. God bless y'all. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you all and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.